Add Phoenix Application Security Best Practices (#28)
erlef/security-wg: docs/web_app_security_best_practices_beam/index.md

---
title: Web Application Security Best Practices for BEAM languages
layout: page
next:
  url: common_web_application_vulnerabilities
  title: Common Web Application Vulnerabilities
seo_keywords:
  - beam
  - phoenix
  - plug
  - web application security
  - best practices
---

This document describes best practices for secure development of Phoenix web
applications in the Elixir programming language, written by the Erlang Ecosystem

> Foundation’s Security Working Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes best practices for secure development of web
applications using BEAM languages, written by the Erlang Ecosystem
Foundation’s Security Working Group.
```

The working group also publishes
[Secure Coding and Deployment Hardening Guidelines](https://erlef.github.io/security-wg/secure_coding_and_deployment_hardening/),
for Elixir and Erlang applications. This document focuses on Phoenix, while the

> previous document is on Elixir and Erlang security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for Elixir and Erlang applications. This document focuses on web applications, while the
previous document covers the Elixir and Erlang language runtimes and standard library.
```
